Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: tools/diagnostics-client.mdx

---
title: Sync Diagnostics Client

> description: "Inspect and debug PowerSync sync behavior with the Sync Diagnostics Client app, a standalone tool for testing sync stream configurations."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Inspect and debug PowerSync sync behavior with the Sync Diagnostics Client app, a standalone tool for testing Sync Streams."
```
